(these are somewhat out of order)

#1. Sort the cards you have in different ways. Right now shows breakdown by type. Would default sort by mana cost within each type. So within
the creature type they would be ordered by mana cost. Would also be able to sort by mana cost, so you could see the mana curve easily. 

#2 mana cost: This entire top bar sorts the card list, #4. The mana Cost doohickey would have 3 modes, =, <= or >=, you could choose 4, and get either all 
that cost 4, less than or equal to 4, or greater than 4. 
    For the choose set, we should allow them to select multiple sets. So if they want to build a deck from Invasion, Planeshift and Torment, they can select all 
    3 and have all those cards appear in the card list

#6 Search by abilities: We should index the cards by their abilities and let people search for all with certain abilities, like first strike etc...

#4 Card List: A simple list of cards, with the categories shown. If they have selected multiple sets in #2 then maybe also show the set its from.

#3. Pin cards here. You can pin a card from anywhere by either right clicking and selecting it, or by pressing the number key. If it is from your deck
it would have a different background color than if it is from the card list so its clear to the player. For instance your deck might have a grey background,
and a purple background for the card list, which would be reflected around the pinned card.

#7. Card View Area: this would show whatever you hover your mouse over, and would retain that selection. So the last card hovered over in your deck
would be shown here. Likewise for the card list.
    If you click on a card, perhaps it should lock the respective card view? So if you click on hypnotic specter in your deck it would have a border
    and be shown in the card view area regardless of what you mouse over, until you either click on another card or your mouse leaves the deck list?
    
#5 This could open a whole different tab in the card view area (and it should probably include the pinned card area). This new tab would have graphs showing the
mana curve, type distribution, color composition, and whatever else we can think of. 